Update detours, ia2, sonic, w3c, wil (#15695)
nvaccess/nvda: include/readme.md

## Updating dependencies
Updates should be reflected in the [createDevEnvironment guide](../projectDocs/dev/createDevEnvironment.md) and the [change log](../user_docs/en/changes.t2t).

### Detours
https://github.com/microsoft/Detours

Fetch latest from master

### eSpeak
https://github.com/espeak-ng/espeak-ng

[eSpeak guide](./espeak.md)

### ia2
https://github.com/LinuxA11y/IAccessible2

Fetch latest from master.

> Test using [the steps here](../projectDocs/design/displayModel.md).

Reviewer: This testing is necessary for Detours, rather than IA2. DisplayModel code relies on Detours to hook GDI text out calls.

An example control is the file properties dialog from file explorer.

### javaAccessBridge32
[javaAccessBridge32-bin readme](https://github.com/nvaccess/javaAccessBridge32-bin)

### liblouis
TODO

### microsoft-ui-uiautomation
https://www.github.com/michaeldcurran/microsoft-ui-uiautomation/

We are stuck on our own fork.

> The fork specifically adds support for CallExtension / IsExtensionSupported to the high-level API, see PR microsoft/microsoft-ui-uiautomation#84 and #95.

Reviewer: pr 84 was already merged to master. But:
```suggestion
The fork specifically adds support for connection bound objects to the high-level API, see PR microsoft/microsoft-ui-uiautomation#95.
```
